hi this is brutal from bellavista today
we're going to be taking a look at a
Springdale 303 this is a 2013 recently
arrived model with a special value
package in the value package here we
have slam latch baggage doors we've
optioned in the electric awning you'll
notice we have a friction set door so
gone are the little stoppers to latch
ordering we're actually a fairly breezy
day here and you can see this door does
not move whatsoever
we do have keyless entry onboard
aluminum rims and the 303 is a double
entry unit so yes you have access for
the kids to the washroom from the
outside and we have a beautiful nice
large outdoor kitchen with cooktop
frig I'm gonna go inside because there's
a lot of road traffic out today I'll
also show you a part of the feature of
our value package is the threshold
now this 303 weighs in at about 8,000
pounds so it is a great half-ton towable
unit very similar to the 294 that we've
reviewed in the past so large u-shaped
dinette that can be used to sit a lot of
people or even sleep adults I really
love the sofa in this you can see the
elegance behind it just absolutely
phenomenal as we peek to the right here
we do have our queen-size bed with
overhead cabinets and wardrobe as well
as center entertainment system with
flat-screen TV we have a beautiful
kitchen area with lots of drawers and
storage around and the two-tone wood
really adds a note of elegance and
luxury to this unit overhead storage now
Springdale is using the larger oven in
here so a little more space nice large
double door fridge and I'm gonna try to
get a shot of this I hope everybody can
see the radiused roof Springdale is the
first in the non laminated product to
bring a radius roof to the marketplace
really gives you that extra clearance
and really opens up the living space now
you'll notice full valances on all the
windows and look at the size of the
windows nice large windows throughout
the entire coach so even on a dark day
you're gonna get lots of light in this
coach now the 303 is a double slide unit
so we do get some extra storage here in
the center but the double slide really
opens up to give you some great space
here in the back with a convertible sofa
lounging area overhead bunk as you can
see it's in the up position right now
super-huge window in the back again to
let lots of light in and a nice third
bunk with lots of storage and ladder and
again another large window here we also
have because this is built for a family
a nice woops sorry did it again guys
apologize there's some light we happen
to be filming this at night here so we
have a nice large sink with storage we
do have an overhead medicine cabinet
nice foot flush toilet and your second
entry now as a family unit it has a mini
tub with shower and full surround as
well as skylight so whether your kids
are really small whether their grandkids
or even just for the adults you know
lots of room there any thousand pounds
with double slide very respectable
weights half-ton towable
all the quality that Keystone RV has to
offer is all here in the Springdale the
thing you'll really love about the unit
beyond the woods the furniture the two
tones and and all the amenities we just
talked about plus amenities I haven't
talked about is going to be the price on
these Springdales they're gonna be very
reasonable great for a family to be able
to get into the RV industry or upgrade
from that smaller trailer or tent
trailer and really get out and enjoy the
outdoors if you're in the market for an
RV the Springdale and Summerlin line
would be a line I would definitely
recommend for more information on this
fit please feel free to visit our
website at triple W Bella Vista RV calm
thank you for viewing our video and
check back soon for more videos on the
great Summerland and Springdale products
by Keystone RV more keystone products to
come and many other lines thank you and
take care